docs: leverage module spec (#371)
umee-network/umee: x/leverage/spec/01_concepts.md

# Overview

This document covers basic concepts and math that determine the `leverage` module's behavior.

## Accepted Assets

> At the foundation of the `leverage` module is the [Token Registry](02_state.md#Token-Registry), which contains a list of accepts base asset types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the foundation of the `leverage` module is the [Token Registry](02_state.md#Token-Registry), which contains a list of accepted types.
```
